(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(somber music)
[Narrator] This is the
mysterious world
where Digimon live:
the digital world.
Tai, Kari and the
other Digi-destined
with their partner Digimon
continue their adventure
to stop the revival of the
legendary Millenniumon,
all the while gathering
the rest of their
friends along the way.
The identity of the mysterious
enemy, AxeKnightmon,
turned out to be Gatomon, the
remaining celestial Digimon.
Kari and Gatomon were saved
and rejoined with
Tai once again.
However, AxeKnightmon...
(Gatomon meows)
(Komondomon howls)
Incredible. Gatomon's speaking
in Komondomon's language.
Let the others know
we're about to dive.
Hey everybody,
Huh? What'd she say?
Get ready. We're about to dive.
(Komondomon howls)
(group whimpers)
Wait, you mean now?
(Agumon belches)
I'm so full.
(Komondomon laughs)
-(intense music)
-(water splashes)
(group gasps)
(Komondomon gasps)
Hang onto something tight.
(group gasps)
(Sora and Biyomon squeal)
(T.K. and Patamon squeal)
(Tai screams)
(Komondomon barks)
I wanted to try and
use this current
in hopes of getting
closer to the fog.
The sealed grounds?
Sounds cool. What
kind of place is it?
(sigh) I'll explain.
A long time ago, deep within
this eternal continent of ours,
(melancholy guitar music)
near the very end
of the ancient war,
Millenniumon's largest
shard landed in the fog,
also known as the
sealed grounds.
The remaining will
of Millenniumon
that lingered from it
sparked the greed of wicked
Digimon who sought power,
which resulted in
new Digivolutions.
So he caused that. But why?
What does he have to gain?
The reason is quite
simple really.
It's so that he can
create a new body
and be born into this
world once again.
Yes, and if not for you,
I was going to become
a part of that.
Yeah but, you didn't and
know you're safe with us.
Hmph, I suppose you have
Kari to thank for that.
Huh?
Which means Millenniumon is
still plotting to return.
So we have to do everything
we can to reach the fog
before it's too late.
Because defeating
Millenniumon is my duty
as the celestial Digimon.
-Right.
-Oh?
Well, I gotta say very noble.
Yeah.
[Gatomon] Kari, I promise I'll
never put you in harm's way
like that ever again.
(Kari giggles)
(water whooshes)
(group yelps)
[Biyomon] Oh no,
the sea current.
(Komondomon howls)
(intense music)
(glass shatters)
(Digimon chirp)
(Komondomon crashes)
(group groans)
-(music intensifies)
-(alarms blare)
What in the world is
that noise? Where are we?
Don't panic, we
mean you no harm.
(Manbomon groans)
(Gatomon grunts)
Please, I don't wanna hurt you.
-All right, have it your way.
-(Gatomon grunts)
(Manbomon groans)
(sirens blare)
Those are Mantaraymon.
(electricity sizzles)
(group gasps)
-(arms crash)
-(group gasps)
Leave it to me.
Gatomon, wait.
[Sora] So fast.
We gotta help.
(electricity sizzles)
(intense music)
Lightning paw.
Hi-ya.
[Kari] Gatomon...
(Manbomon gasp)
Hold on, look at the
ring on its tail.
Just who are you?
[Group] Whoa.
Kari, what are you doing?
It's far too dangerous
for you to be out here.
What if don't ever
wanna leave your side?
(Kari giggles)
(sparkles chime)
Please forgive us for that.
We mistook you as assailants
which is why we attacked you.
You have my sincerest apologies.
(group gasps)
There's no need.
I hope you're able to forgive
us for our rude intrusion.
Maybe this will help.
My name is-
I already know.
I can sense that you are
the celestial Digimon.
Huh? You already know about us?
As the one who governs
this underwater city,
I could sense your
presence instantly.
Hey, check out the necklace.
It looks like the one on
Gatomon's tail, right?
I can feel a great
power from it.
Yes, my tail ring.
It's only because of this
ring that I'm able to fight,
even though I have a small body.
I understand.
My ring is the power source
that's able to sustain
this city's environment
under water.
Hey Pataman, where's your ring?
-Oh?
-(group chuckles)
We are all on a journey
to reach the fog
as soon as possible.
So I was right.
Millenniumon is
planning his return.
I understand the
situation must be dire,
but please, I implore
you to spend the night
and rest here at my castle.
(magical chime)
-(gentle music)
-(Tai and Agumon laughing)
It feels like we're flying.
-(Kari giggles)
-Kari, please be careful.
[Daipenmon] Around the time
that the ancient war took place,
there were those who sought
out peace within the seas.
We are their descendants.
[T.K.] You mean you were
all originally land Digimon?
They must've Digivolved
and adapted to the ocean.
I see you made it here safely.
(group gasps)
Can we keep her?
I'm Mareinangemon. I've
been expecting you.
(playful music)
(group munching)
-Yum.
-You got that right.
It's delicious.
[Kari] I bet you're
tired Komondomon.
It must've hurt when
you fell back there.
(Komondomon groans)
So this is where
you've been. Of course.
Oh, Gatomon. I think
Komondomon's...
I'll take care of him.
-(magical chime)
-(Kari gasps)
(Komondomon garbles)
There. Komondomon will be
in tiptop shape by tomorrow.
Thank you so much
Marineangemon. Rest easy now.
(Komondomon howls)
She really has
the kindest heart,
so I have to protect
it at all costs.
(digivice beeps)
Tai, are you there?
I have something to report.
I'm here. What's going on?
I have an update for you
on the international
space station crisis.
The remaining crew escaped and
are now all on board Soyuz.
[Agumon] What's that
about soy sauce?
I think it's a
Russian spacecraft.
[Agumon] A spice rack?
This footage was
taken soon after.
(mysterious music)
It looks like restoring
the orbit wasn't possible.
There are multiple
other satellites
-in the collision path as well.
-(radar beeps)
There's gotta be some
way to stop 'em, right?
[Izzy] Not at the moment
but I'll keep you posted
on any new information.
Please do. Good luck.
[Marineangemon] I see
there are disasters
reaching the human
world as well.
That's right, but we're
gonna find a way to stop 'em.
That's why we're all
here: to put an end to it.
[Group] Right.
These children each have
the heart of a warrior.
And so do I, because
I can't lose either.
Hey, by the way, why were
those Digimon attacking
the city earlier?
Since we migrated
here from the surface,
we're basically outsiders.
As such, there is no
way to avoid collision
with the original
sea dwellers here.
So it's like an all
out turf war down here.
Surf war.
-(ominous music)
-But recently
something has felt off
about the sea
dwellers attacking.
As if their intentions toward
us have now become deadly.
That must mean...
That the black
lightning is starting
to reach even this far.
Tomorrow, I shall move
this underwater city
and return you and your friends
back to your sea current.
(group gasps)
[Patamon] You're gonna
move this whole city?
[Marineangemon]
That's all we can do
at the moment to avoid
further conflict.
Thanks a lot, Marineangemon.
(electricity zaps)
(monster grumbles)
(group snores)
Aren't you gonna sleep?
I'm going to, once
you're asleep.
(Gatomon gasps)
What are you doing?
I'm just relaxing a little bit.
Relaxing? I can't relax,
not until I finally
defeat Milleniumon.
But I'm just so comfy
with you in my arms.
Goodnight Kari.
(fanfare)
Now move forward.
(Daipenmon whirs)
(group gasps)
All right, now we can get
back to the sea current.
(Komondomon howls)
(intense music)
(group gasps)
Of course.
Who is that?
It looks like Anomalocarimon.
-(glass shatters)
-(Digimon gasp)
(electricity zaps)
Let's do this.
(triumphant music)
Agumon digivolve to...
Go Biyomon.
Biyomon digivolve to...
It's our turn.
-Pata digivolve to...
-(magical chime)
Greymon.
Birdramon.
Pegasusmon.
What is it Kari?
Let me help. I can fight too.
No, you should
stay. It's not safe.
Fighting is my job.
Leave it to me.
(Gatomon grunts)
Lightning paw.
(fire explodes)
(Pegasusmon neighs)
(Gatomon grunts)
(Electricity zaps)
(glass shatters)
(Marineangemon yells)
(dramatic music)
(Gatomon grunts)
Lightning paw.
(electricity zaps)
(Gatomon yells)
Gatomon, please.
Please wake up.
Huh?
You ready?
Greymon digivolve to...
Metalgreymon.
Giga blaster.
(explosion)
Big brother.
I wanna help.
Please let me fight.
Seriously? Hmph.
(electricity zaps)
I can't afford to back down now.
-(Birdramon grunts)
-(Pegasusmon grunts)
Wait, Gatomon.
Kari? But why?
Go back, it's not safe here.
I'm not gonna leave you.
Stop trying to do
stuff all by yourself.
-(Kari pants)
-(meloncholy music)
Huh?
Kari.
I know in my heart,
it was you who was
always calling out to me,
ever since I can remember.
You were there watching
over me, weren't you?
I could feel it.
You were out there Gatomon.
Yes. I've been calling to you
ever since I was
shrouded in darkness,
(gasps) actually it
was long before that.
I've always known
where I truly belong.
I was waiting for you, Kari.
Even though we were in
two different worlds,
ever since I was a little kid,
I knew deep down in my heart
we were connected somehow.
Our encounter was beyond duty.
It was fate, Kari, wasn't it?
That's the reason I came
here, to the digital world.
So that I could save you.
Please, Gatomon, I
promise I can help.
I don't wanna leave your
side, so let me fight.
Very well Kari.
Thank you Gatomon.
(mystical chime)
(dramatic violin music)
Is that a digivice?
Are you ready?
Since I am the
celestial Digimon,
we're going to lead the warriors
and repel darkness together.
(heavenly music)
Here we go.
Go get them.
-Lightning paw.
-(Gatomon yells)
(explosion)
(Gatomon grunts)
(shell cracks)
-[Tai] Now everyone.
-Giga storm.
Meteor wing.
Equus beam.
(explosion)
(digimon sigh)
See? That wasn't so bad.
You're right.
And from now on
we'll tackle anything
that stands in
our way, together.
[Kari] No matter
how tough it gets.
(Komondomon howls)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
encyclopedia is Gatomon.
This is Kari's partner Digimon.
The ring on the tail is proof
that it's a real
celestial Digimon.
Check out this fun fact:
according to my research,
most people find
that cat punches are
usually soft and gentle,
but if you ask me
there's nothing soft
or gentle about
Gatomon's lightning paw.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Woman] When Kari
lights Gatomon's heart
with a ray of hope, a new
pair of wings takes flight
in the skies.
[Tai] Next time: The
Glowing Angewomon.
[Woman] The adventure
continues in a new world.